
Audio Software Engineer

We work together in person, in Bellevue, WA, USA
Apply now!

Though we don’t have a specific position open at this time, and we’re not actively seeking people with any specific qualifications, we’re always looking to add talented individuals to our team.

At Valve, audio software engineers push the boundaries of audio tools and technologies for video games and VR. Audio engineers can work on extending our spatial audio technology, Steam Audio, and make a lasting impact on the game and VR audio development processes and broaden the range of audio experiences that developers can deliver. Audio engineers at Valve can also work with one of our game teams to engineer audio tools that empower creative storytelling techniques and deliver enjoyable experiences to millions of customers around the world. Collaborate with a team of broadly-skilled peers to make audio a powerful element in all current and future Valve products.
Apply now!
What We Offer

    An organization where 100% of time is dedicated as groups see fit
    The opportunity to collaborate with experts across a range of disciplines
    A work environment and flexible schedule in support of families and domestic partnerships
    A culture eager to become stronger through diversity of all forms
    Exceptional health insurance coverage
    Unrivaled employer match for our 401(k) retirement plan
    Generous vacation and family leave
    On-site amenities in support of health and efficiency
    Fertility and adoption assistance
    Reimbursement for child care during interviews

Valve strives to improve the diversity of our teams to better serve our diverse global audience. We welcome and encourage individuals from all backgrounds to apply. Candidates will be considered without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, family status, veteran status or disability status. Valve is committed to creating an inclusive work environment and does not tolerate discrimination or harassment in the workplace.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

You're applying!
Name
Email address
How did you discover this opportunity at Valve?

Attach your documents. Please include a resume. (We like .pdf, .doc & .docx files.)
Choose files. No files chosen.
your application.
Valve Corporation

    Contact
        People
        Press Inquiries
    Stuff
        About Us
        Jobs
        Steam Partners
        Publications
    More Stuff
        Site Terms of Use
        Privacy Policy
        Security
        Legal

